Lakin shot straight up. The blankets nearly flew off his bed. He was excited to take on the day, something he learned from his father.
“The day is yours if you let it.” His father would always tell him when he decided to sleep in until midday. It was a hard habit to break but the days contained much more time if you only put in a little effort in the morning.
Lakin began physical training earlier that week. His muscles ached for the first few days but he became addicted to the resistance and the training. He woke up and had his clothes on in an instant and was running out the door to the training grounds.
The training grounds contained a battered old stump to strengthen the swing of the sword, a small wooden fence in the shape of a ring for sparring, a scarecrow hanging from the tree for archery practice, weapons at his disposal. What more could a young boy want? But instead of grabbing a sword or bow, Lakin grabbed the rope used for jumping exercises.
He swung the rope around his body and jumped when the rope was about to hit his feet.
“One, two, three,...,” He began counting.
Father had always told him that his muscles needed to be warm before using them. He didn’t fully understand why, but he knew his father wouldn’t let him train if he didn’t warm up. Each time the the rope swung under his feet he would count. He counted all the way to sixty and stopped to take a breath for half a minute. He repeated this cycle four more times. After the fifth repetition, his body was covered in sweat but he felt good, he felt ready. But his father had told him that just because he felt ready did not mean that he was actually ready.
Next he wet through the stretches his father taught him. He bent over and reached as far as he could but he was only able to reach the bottom of his ankle. Soon he would be able to place his palms on the dirt without bending his legs, his father had told him. He continued to to stretch his legs and then worked on his upper body, stretching the muscles in his arms and chest.
Once he had finished his stretches, he grabbed the jumping rope again and completed five more cycles. His breaths became shorter as his chest expanded and contracted. He grabbed a quiver of arrows and sprinted towards his bow. Immediately he began shooting towards the target. His father told him to practice precision while the breaths were short since it would train him to shoot accurately during stress.
Lakin grunted when his first shot missed the target completely. Frustrated he nocked another arrow, raised the bow, and pulled the string back. He looked down the shaft of the arrow and tried to point it towards the middle of the target. He couldn’t keep the bow steady, it was wavering all around the center of the target. He tried to time it perfectly and release the arrow when his sights lined up with the target. He released but again missed the target completely. He cursed out loud and nocked another arrow and shot without thinking. The arrow hit the far edge of the target, his best shot so far.
Lakin heard clapping from behind him. He turned to see his father standing there with a sly grin on his face.
“You cannot let the bow guide you and pray that you hit the target, you must guide the bow and know you will hit the target,” Lakin’s father said. “Perhaps your muscles are still too tight, did you do your stretches?”
“Yes, father. I went through the whole routine and did the jumping rope.” Said Lakin.
“Did you finish your run as well?” His father asked.
“Well… I did an extra round of the jumping rope.” Lakin tried to explain.
“Run the trail.” His father said with a tone of finality.
Lakin immediately turned around and ran. He knew he couldn’t argue with father, father seemed to know when he was lying. When Lakin was a boy, at the age where you first begin to keep secrets, he tried to lie to father about killing a frog in the woods, but father knew the truth. Lakin was punished worse for that lie than for any other misdoing as a young boy. Ever since that day, he knew not to lie to father.
The woods to the south of the training grounds were thick, barely enough room for a grown man to walk through. But a boy who had grew up in those woods could run through the dense foliage.
Lakin had explored those woods day after day as a young boy, he was fascinated by the idea of getting lost. His father warned him to be careful in the woods, since he might get lost. The concept of not knowing where he was intrigued Lakin. He had always known where he was and couldn’t comprehend not knowing, so as a young boy, he tried to get lost in the woods, just to know what it felt like to be lost. How bad could it be?
Being lost was nothing like Lakin expected. He thought it would be just like being confused, but he wasn’t confused, he was terrified. He was afraid that he could never sleep in his bed again, he was afraid that he could never play with his friends again, he was afraid that his father would never tell him a story again. He thought that he could never find home again, that he would have to live in the woods forever. Then he wondered if he would even survive. Every sound caused his head to jerk towards the noise in fear of what it could be. A rabbit ran away as Lakin stepped too close and the startle knocked him to the ground. He knew there were no predators in the woods, but he believed every sound could kill him.
For hours he wandered around the woods looking for something that he recognized, that could lead him back home, but he could find nothing. The sun was beginning to set, it would be dark soon, and Lakin came to terms with the fact that he would never find his way home.
Then there was a noise that didn’t frighten Lakin. It sounded like his name, and it sounded like his father was saying it. When there was only fear earlier, now there was hope. Lakin shouted back at his father. His father must have heard since he heard a response.
The next half hour was spent following the sound of his father’s voice. The hope of seeing his father again made the woods seem less frightening, and less thick. Paths seemed to form themselves towards the sound of his father voice. He brushed aside a bush and saw his father standing on the other side. If Lakin thought he knew what happiness felt like before that moment, he was wrong. The relief of seeing his father before his eyes, filled his entire body with relief as he ran and embraced him.
On that day, Lakin promised to himself that he would never get lost again, he would always know how to find his way home, he would never experience that fear again. He dedicated himself to memorizing the woods. Everyday he explored the woods, made notes, drew pictures, marked trees, and cleared paths. The woods became part of him, they were his second home. Sometimes he would spend days out there, trying to understand all the life that existed within the trees.
Soon Lakin began making maps. He made a map for each part of the woods. He drew identifying markers, where each oddly shaped tree was located, where every creek trickled, where each creature made its nest. He didn’t want to leave out any information. It became an obsession for him, all so he would never feel the fear of being lost.
Lakin thought of all this as he ran through the woods. Sweat began to soak through his loose fitting shirt, his heart was beating faster, and his breathing got heavier. He had to go longer. His father told him whenever he felt tired, that’s when he needed to push the hardest, that’s when it mattered the most. So he pushed and he ran harder.
Without looking down, he lept across creek, knowing exactly how wide the gap would be. He landed hard into a roll and continued running without missing a stride. The trees and branches flew by inches away from his arms and face, but he was never in danger of colliding with them.
Then he felt it, somebody was in his woods. He stopped his stride and listened. Everything was quiet but he knew something was wrong. He examined the forest around him looking for any sign of the stranger, no one came in these woods except for him and his father. Lying on the ground was a small branch broken off the tree. Lakin knelt down and picked it up and looked at it closely. It had been broken off but the branch it fell from was too high to be broken by an animal with four legs. Then he saw the footprint, the outline of the boot was barely visible, they was walking lightly, trying not to make any trail. There was another faint print beside the first, at least two men.
Lakin thought of his father, he had to warn him. He quickly made his way back to the estate, being as quiet as he could. He came to the edge of the woods and saw his father facing the two men. Their backs were to him and he could see his father’s face. He was about to burst from the woods to see what was happening but his father put his arms up in the air with his palms out. His father was not looking at him but he the gesture was directed towards him. He had learned a long time ago to listen to his father so he reluctantly backed into the woods.
“Don’t hurt me,” his father said with his hands up.
“Put your hands down you old fool, the time for hurting you hasn’t come yet,” said one of the men.
Lakin heard the words and eyed the weapons laying around the training ground. HIs father dipped his head and shook it back and forth. Once again, he knew the gesture was meant for him.
“There will be no need for that, tell me why you’re here,” said his father.
“You know why we are here Marcus,” said the other man, “and you know who sent us. Now tell us where he is.”
His father looked at the man and said, “You’ll have to be more specific.”
“Quit playing your games with us. Where is the boy?” Asked the first man.
Lakin’s eyes went wide. Were they talking about him?
“If you don’t know where he is, what makes you think I know?”
“We will find him regardless, but it will be easier on you and the boy if you just tell us,” replied the man.
“If there is one thing I know, it’s that he never makes things easy,” said Lakin’s father.
There was a flash as the sun reflected off of the sword his father pulled out of his belt. The two men made no effort to avoid the blow. They stood there motionless as the sword came sharply down in between the first man’s neck and shoulder. The blade cut through the man’s flesh and came to rest in the middle of his chest. The point of the sword was sticking out of his back and the hilt sticking out of his chest. A killing blow. But all three men just stood there.
To Lakin’s surprise, the man with the sword protruding from his body began to speak.
“You know better than that Marcus, the boy will now suffer for this.”
“He was always going to suffer,” said Marcus.
The man pulled the sword from his chest and raised it in the air. Lakin looked at his father and made eye contact one last time before his head fell to the ground. Lakin closed his eyes, hoping when he opened them, his father would be standing alone with no strange men. His eyes opened and he only saw his father’s headless body lying on the ground and the two men walking towards the estate.
The shock of his father’s death had yet to set in, he knew something had to be done but he didn’t know what. His only thoughts were revenge and he needed weapons. When the men were inside the estate, Lakin ran into the training grounds and grabbed the first sword he could find, then went to the archery lanes and picked up his bow along with a quiver of arrows.
He walked over to the headless body of his father. The anger inside began to grow intensely as he looked at the corpse. He was almost ready to attack the men, he just had to say goodbye first. But then he say the medallion that his father used to wear around his neck lying next to him. He picked it up out of the dirt and looked at it with a sense of remembrance. He remembered all of the times he had with his father and how much he was going to miss him, then he remembered the moments before his death. He thought of his father’s gestures and the warnings behind them. He thought of how the men couldn’t be killed. How could he get his revenge on men who couldn’t die?
His father said to always be prepared for battle and not to act on emotion, he always told him to know his enemies and he knew nothing of these men. It went against everything inside of Lakin, but he knew he had to run, it would be suicide to attack the men now. Two to one were never good odds, especially a boy against two men. He said a final prayer to his father as he laid his hand on the chest of the corpse. It took all of his might to stand up and head towards the woods. Just before he reached the woodline, he stopped and turned. He had forgotten something. He ran back into the training grounds and grabbed the jumping, his father had always said to warm his muscles up before he started any training, and there were going to be many days ahead full of training.
What was once a place of comfort and routine, the training grounds now felt like a world of chaos and he couldn’t bear to be there for another second. So Lakin made his way into the woods and didn’t even turn back to say goodbye. He just ran. He ran as fast as he could for as long as he could. He ran through every path he knew that would take him far away from the estate as possible. The woods offered some sense of relief. He felt at home running through all the paths he created and mapped, paths that no one else would know existed, even if they were standing in front of it. Lakin ran and ran until he found the cave. It would offer him shelter for the night, and he knew the men would never be able to find it.
The cave was a place he used to come to when his father was angry with him, he would spend hours in there until he knew his father would miss him. It only took a little time for his father’s anger to dwindle. Now he was there because he was the one missing his father. Inside the cave were markings he had made in previous years. There were pictures engraved into the stone walls of him and his father in the middle of a sword battle. He had engraved them when he was angry and actually wanted to fight him, but now they nearly brought him to tears.
In an attempt to take his mind off of his father, he laid out his belongings to see what he had. He only possessed a sword, a bow, twelve arrows, and his father’s medallion. As he was staring at all the items lying on the ground, he realized just how hungry he was, he hadn’t eaten anything all day. He would have to hunt, luckily there were plenty of game in his woods, and he knew of a berry tree not too far from the cave. He gathered up his weapons and went back into the woods towards the berry tree. Along the way there was a tree that he forgotten the name of, his father would be upset he couldn’t remember, but the tree had large leaves that could be used to carry the berries back to the cave.
He found the tree and began to pluck the leaves, he could use extras to rip up into threads to create rope, you never know when you might need rope.. As he was collecting the leaves, he heard a rustle behind. In one smooth motion he turned with his sword raised and in fighting position, ready for the attackers. Instead of the two men appearing from behind the bush, a lonely rabbit jumped out. Lakin slowly placed his sword into his belt and grabbed his bow from his back, strung an arrow, and pulled back. “I cannot let the bow guide me, I must guide the bow,” he whispered to himself. He released and watched the arrow pierce the neck of the rabbit.
He grabbed the body of the rabbit and finished gathering the berries, he would have a good meal tonight. He made his way back to the cave and dropped his new materials. The sun was beginning to set so he went out to gather wood and kindling to build a fire, another skill he learned from his father. After gathering the supplies he went back into the cave for the night. He gathered rocks and place them in a small circle, then he filled the circle with pinecones, dead leaves, and dead grass. He grabbed two rocks and smacked them together to create a spark. After a few tries, the kindling caught. A small flame formed and he softly blew on it until all of the kindling was lit. He then placed small, dead sticks on top as the fire grew. Finally he leaned three bigger branches against each other over the flame. The flames began to warm the cave, soon he would be able to cook the rabbit.
For the first time since the tragedy he witnessed, he had nothing to do, nowhere to run, nothing but his thoughts. They all came flooding in at once. He would never be able to feel his father’s embrace again, he would never learn another lesson, never play another game with him, he would get no more advice, he would never again hear a comforting word from him, there would be nothing. He grabbed the medallion and flipped it over and over between his fingers. His last piece of his father. He knew exactly where he had the same feeling as that day long ago in the woods, he was lost.
